Update OctopusClient docs to make it easier to get started (#506)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-rest-api/octopus.client.md

Octopus.Client is [published on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Octopus.Client). The package contains both a .NET Framework build as well as a .NET Standard build. The .NET Framework build targets 4.5 and later, and the .NET Standard build is cross-platform and compatible with a [variety of runtimes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/articles/standard/library), including .NET Core and can be used from PowerShell Core.

## Getting Started {#Octopus.Client-Gettingstarted}

:::hint
Details for where to find the API, how to authenticate, and the available resources are available at [the API documentation site](https://g.octopushq.com/ApiDocs), and [swagger documentation is also available](https://demo.octopus.com/swaggerui).
:::

To use from PowerShell, use the `Install-Package` command from the Microsoft [PackageManagement](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/packagemanagement) module:
```powershell
Install-Package Octopus.Client -source https://www.nuget.org/api/v2
$path = Join-Path (Get-Item ((Get-Package Octopus.Client).source)).Directory.FullName "lib/net45/Octopus.Client.dll"
Add-Type -Path $path
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

For PowerShell Core, the path needs to be slightly different:
```powershell
Install-Package Octopus.Client -source https://www.nuget.org/api/v2
$path = Join-Path (Get-Item ((Get-Package Octopus.Client).source)).Directory.FullName "lib/netstandard2.0/Octopus.Client.dll"
Add-Type -Path $path```

```

position: 110
---

Octopus.Client is an [open source](https://github.com/OctopusDeploy/OctopusClients) .NET library that makes it easy to write C# programs or PowerShell scripts that manipulate the [Octopus Deploy REST API](/docs/octopus-rest-api/index.md).

Because the Octopus Deploy application itself is built entirely on the API, any programming language that can make HTTP requests to the API can do anything that could be done by a user of the application itself.

> Octopus.Client is [published on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Octopus.Client). The package contains both a .NET Framework build as well as a .NET Standard build. The .NET Framework build targets 4.5 or later, while the .NET Standard build is cross-platform and compatible with a [variety of runtimes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/articles/standard/library), including .NET Core and can be used from PowerShell Core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Octopus.Client is [published on NuGet](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Octopus.Client). The package contains both a .NET Framework build as well as a .NET Standard build. The .NET Framework build targets 4.5 and later, and the .NET Standard build is cross-platform and compatible with a [variety of runtimes](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/articles/standard/library), including .NET Core and can be used from PowerShell Core.
```

## Getting Started {#Octopus.Client-Gettingstarted}

:::hint

> Details for the API itself - where to find it, how to authenticate, the available resources and so-on - are available at [the API documentation site](https://g.octopushq.com/ApiDocs), while [swagger documentation](https://demo.octopus.com/swaggerui) is also available

Reviewer: I removed `and so on` as it's vague and could leave the reader wondering what they're missing :)
```suggestion
Details for where to find the API, how to authenticate, and the available resources are available at [the API documentation site](https://g.octopushq.com/ApiDocs), and [swagger documentation is also available](https://demo.octopus.com/swaggerui).
```

:::

To use from PowerShell, use the `Install-Package` command from the Microsoft [PackageManagement](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/module/packagemanagement) module:
```powershell
Install-Package Octopus.Client -source https://www.nuget.org/api/v2
$path = Join-Path (Get-Item ((Get-Package Octopus.Client).source)).Directory.FullName "lib/net45/Octopus.Client.dll"
Add-Type -Path $path
```

> _This is a bit harder than it should be, but [there are plans](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/6724) to make it simpler._

Reviewer: I prefer not to include promises about future states in the docs. We should try to stick to how to solve the problem now, and when there's a better way, add that to the docs. (People often put these statements in and then forget to update them, or future plans get dropped).

> _This is a bit harder than it should be, but [there are plans](https://github.com/PowerShell/PowerShell/issues/6724) to make it simpler._

Author: ```suggestion
```

To use from C#, first install the package via the NuGet Package Manager:

```powershell
PM> Install-Package Octopus.Client
```

Alternatively, the client is available in both the installation directory of Octopus Deploy Server and Tentacle.

### Synchronous API {#Octopus.Client-SynchronousAPI}

The easiest way to use the client is via the `OctopusRepository` helper:

```powershell PowerShell
Add-Type -Path 'C:\PathTo\Octopus.Client.dll'
$server = "https://myoctopus.example.com"
$apiKey = "API-YOURKEY";              # Get this from your 'profile' page in the Octopus web portal
$endpoint = New-Object Octopus.Client.OctopusServerEndpoint($server, $apiKey)
$repository = New-Object Octopus.Client.OctopusRepository($endpoint)
```
```cs C#
var server = "https://myoctopus.example.com/";
var apiKey = "API-YOURKEY";             // Get this from your 'profile' page in the Octopus web portal
var endpoint = new OctopusServerEndpoint(server, apiKey);
var repository = new OctopusRepository(endpoint);
```

> While API key authentication is recommended, you can also use username/password for authentication with the `SignIn()` method instead:

Reviewer: Slight tweak to the sentence:
```suggestion
API key authentication is recommended, but you can use username/password for authentication with the `SignIn()` method instead:
```

For some operations not available through repositories it will be necessary to use the `IOctopusClient` type:

```powershell PowerShell
$connection = $repository.Client.Get($machine.Links["Connection"]);
```
```cs C#
// Sync
var connection = repository.Client.Get(machine.Links["Connection"]);
 
// Async
var connection = await client.Get(machine.Links["Connection"]);
```

> The entire API is accessible by traversing links - each resource carries a collection of links, like the `Connection` link on `MachineResource` shown above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API is accessible by traversing links, and each resource carries a collection of links, for instance, the `Connection` link on `MachineResource` shown above.
```

Author: Think I prefer my wording on this one.

:::warning

> Always access objects by traversing the links - avoid using direct url segments, as they may change in the future.

Reviewer: I think a semi colon is the correct punctuation here, unless the dash could be replaced with the word 'and', but I think the intent is for readers to follow the instruction in the first clause, with the second clause 'avoid using...' intended as an additional reason to follow the first instruction.
```suggestion
Always access objects by traversing the links; avoid using direct url segments, as they may change in the future.
```

:::

To start traversing links, `IOctopusClient.RootDocument` is provided:

```powershell PowerShell
$link = $repository.Client.RootDocument.Links["CurrentUser"].ToString()
$method = $repository.Client.GetType().GetMethod("Get").MakeGenericMethod([Octopus.Client.Model.UserResource])
$me = $method.invoke($repository.Client, @($link, $null))
```
```cs C#
// Sync
var me = repository.Client.Get<UserResource>(repository.Client.RootDocument.Links["CurrentUser"]);
 
// Async
var me = await client.Get<UserResource>(client.RootDocument.Links["CurrentUser"])
```

> *(This is purely an example - this common operation is also available via `repository.Users.GetCurrent()`.)*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*(This is only an example. This common operation is also available via `repository.Users.GetCurrent()`.)*
```

## Working With Spaces

> Octopus version 2019.1 introduced [Spaces](/docs/administration/spaces/index.md). Working with anything other than the default space requires specifying the target space. There are two methods of specifying the target space with Octopus.Client:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Octopus 2019.1** introduced [Spaces](/docs/administration/spaces/index.md). Working with anything other than the default space requires specifying the target space. There are two methods of specifying the target space with Octopus.Client:
```
